# The Fat Fuckin' ASS Update™️
This update is like huge. Like really huge. I don't even have the words for how big this update is. **It's so big I seriously recommend reading the manual pages for the updated things.**

# General Changes
- Removed more commands from showing up in places they shouldn't be.
- Added a Blacklist, Kosaka will cease to function in specific guilds, for specific users or if a user inside a guild is blacklisted.

# Core Modules
## Non-Essential
### Changelog
- If no changelogs are present for a specific version, Kosaka no longer throws an error and instead specifies that there are no changelogs that have been provided.

## New Module: Settings
### Guild
Manage Kosaka's Guild related Settings thanks to the new commands provided by this command! For more information run `/help Settings`

# Extended Modules
## Archiver
- **The Archiver can now be disabled using the new commands provided by `/guild_settings`**
WARNING: This does NOT stop from Kosaka archiving the profiles of Users, as they're unfortunately required for the functions of certain commands.
- Fixed inconsistency in the naming of the Archiver function in some places.
### Loggers
- Fixed reactions not being archived due to the archiver pulling the incorrect cJSON file path.
- Moved shit into the Common Functions file to increase code clarity.
- No longer logging events that don't happen inside Guilds.
- Improved User Archiving.
- Fixed Join / Exit Dates being incorrectly archived for users.
- Improved event display in the console.
### Manager
- Added `/archive nuke`, this will delete EVERY SINGLE ARCHIVE that has been saved related to your server.

## Channel Mods
### Settings
- Greatly optimized the code.
- Added `/channel_mod welcome_channel`, see the new `Welcomer` module.

## New Modules: Charm
*These types of modules are not particularly useful but will make Kosaka more lively. That's it. Waw.*
### Activity
Kosaka will automatically change her status message, proving a wee of technical information about the bot.  
Kosaka will cycle between displaying how many servers she's in, how many users have installed Kosaka as a User Application, statistics about the server running Kosaka and finally the latency Kosaka has with Discord's API.
### Welcomer
This module, if a channel is flagged with `Welcome Channel`, send an embed notifying when a new member joins or leaves the server.

## Fun
### Random Message
- **DRAMATICALLY** Improved the quality of random messages found. ***WARNING: This command might now intentionally only return messages with vile words***.
- Restored the behavior to accept a message if it has only an attachment.
- The command will abort if a valid message cannot be found.
- Improved accuracy of how long it took to fetch messages.
- The command is now slightly more verbose.
- Fixed Caching issues.
- Optimized code.

## Utility
### Embed Fixed
- Added a new Message Menu Command: `PixivID from Attachments`, which pulls out fixed Pixiv Embeds if the message contains attachements of which the files names are following the Pixiv image naming scheme.