# General Bug Fixes and QoL Update (v2.2.0)
You might have noticed that Kosaka is now using Semantic versioning now! It simply made more sense for Kosaka to use it, Kosaka is not like Flashcord, it doesn't receive daily updates, therefore there was no point in using the old reversed date-based version system.  
This time we got just a small lot of bug fixes and small QoL changes.

# General Changes
- Updated how Unknown Context error messages are presented slightly.
- Unknown Context errors should now be significantly easier to deal with. (FUCKING PAIN IN THE ASS I WASTED AN HOUR OF MY LIFE ATTEMPTING TO DEAL WITH THE SHITTY AHH DEBUG CONTEXT DUMPER GRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR)

# Extended Modules
## Archiver
### Loggers
- Fix a bug related to Referenced Messages.
### Manager
- The Archive Viewer now supports viewing pinned messages.
- You can now try to jump to the Event in question thanks to a new "Jump to Event by Message URL" button.

## Charm
### Welcomer
- The Arrival/Departure Embed now has an URL to the relevant member's profile.

## Fun
### Random Message
- Added a new "Allow Attachments Only" argument (True by default), disable it if you only want messages with vile words showing up!
- Improved vile words detection (should now avoid sending messages that are "innocent" accidentally due to poor checks).
- Fixed bug causing the command to be completely unusable due to an update of the Cache's format.
- Fixed a bug caused by a small typo rendering the command completely unusable.
- Fixed a bug in handling if no qualifiable messages were found.
- Fixed a bug when looking up for totally funny bad words which didn't work due to a small mistake which would make a message qualified only if the vile word was right before a line break.
- Fixed a bug in the caching system which would save the entirely wrong thing, thus causing the caching system to be entirely broken upon restart.

## Utility
### Embed Fixer
- Added support for Hashtags in Twitter Embeds.
- Tweet threads now have an additional field if the embed contains a video, instead of the default behavior of entirely discarding the videos.
- Improved Tweet detection and now will fix the embeds of other Twitter embed fixers, this avoids the need of reposting the link unfixed and then fixing it with Kosaka.

## Addressed GitHub Issues
This version of Kosaka has resolved the following issues:
- [Hashtags are not clickable in Fixed Twitter Embeds *#13*](https://github.com/Ascellayn/Kosaka_Issues/issues/13)
- [Unknown Context: MessageType.pins_add *#12*](https://github.com/Ascellayn/Kosaka_Issues/issues/12)