# consume Embedium update (v2.3.0)
It had to happen eventually, we all knew that while Kosaka's Embeds were already pretty damn nice, they didn't look *that* good honestly, plus only supporting 2 websites is lame. It's time to change that.

# General Changes
- Readded the ability for Kosaka to resynchronize its commands (Yes, I forgot AGAIN).
- Added a system to prevent future "oop forgor to activate the slash commands refresh again" moments.
- The Wiki has been updated and so has `/help` as both of them are now directly linked with each other.
- Overhauled how things are presented using `/help`.

# Core Modules
## Permissions
- Increased the power required to run `/permissions info` from `User` to `Privileged`.

# Extended Modules
## Utility
### Embed Fixer
- **Added support for YouTube Videos.**
- **Added support for Pixiv Profiles.**
- **Pixiv Embeds now show additional information.**
- **Visually overhauled the Pixiv Embeds.**
- **Visually overhauled the Twitter embeds.**
- **Quote Tweets are now handled differently.**
- Phixiv links are now fixed by Kosaka.
- Fix AI Generated posts detection for Pixiv Embeds.
- Fixed a bug which would cause videos not showing up on the 2nd embed during a thread rollout.
- Removed accidentally left in debug print in the Embed Fixer.
- Renamed the Message Menu Command "PixivID from Attachments" to "PixivID from Attachments' Names" to avoid confusion on what the command actually does.
- Fixed a bug where videos' thumbnails would show up even though the tweet only has a video.
- Renamed "PixivID from Attachments' Names" to "Pixiv from Attachments' Names".

## Addressed GitHub Issues
This version of Kosaka has resolved the following issues:
- [Pixiv Embed: Confusing at first glance about if artwork is AI Generated *#14*](https://github.com/Ascellayn/Kosaka_Issues/issues/14)