# v250623 Revision 4 - Stability Update
A small set of patches and bug fixes before the next Kosaka Feature update!  
Due to the mess yesterday, from now on *`Deferred` builds of Kosaka will only update to versions that are considered stable*. Hopefully this will reduce the amount of interruptions and spam.  
Next major patch should be including many changes to the logging system and the ability to disable it.

# General Changes
- Many commands should now no longer show up where they wouldn't work. Hopefully. Due to certain limitations on Discord's side however this may not be the case mainly for commands that contain sub-commands.
- Some developer-oriented commands have been restricted to TSN Administrators.
- Updated descriptions of several commands.
- Updated how Unknown Error Messages are displayed.
- Re-enabled Console Logging to a file.


# Core Modules
## Permissions
- TSN Administrators now have access to Server Owner only commands.

## Non-Essential
### About
- Added Kosaka GitHub Repository.
- Updated features list.
### Broadcast
- Added new `/broadcast` command which sends a messages to all `Kosaka_Announcements` channels. This command is reserved to TSN Administrators and should be used for when a major known issue has been found.


# Extended Modules
## Archiver
### Manager
- Fixed the Viewer no longer working.
- Fixed interactions not showing up.
- Much like `/random_message`, if there is no text inside the viewed event, a notice is now shown about the event having no text.
### Loggers
- Improved displaying of events in the Console.
- Fixed a bug causing duplicate entries by edited messages.
- Fixed unknown spaghetti code related to messages... not being messages?

## Channel Mods
`Kosaka_Changelog` has been renamed to `Kosaka_Announcements`.

## Fun
### Random Message
- Removed displaying the Message Index.
- No longer displaying the fetch time if the cache was used.
- The cache is now saved to disk, which should help when Kosaka restarts. This behavior will later be optional due to privacy concerns.
- The command is now significantly more verbose of what it's actually doing.
- Patched a bug that would cause messages only with attachments to show up (the results are very often hilarious however, expect this to be reintroduced next version!).
- The Fetching Time is now more accurate as it doesn't take into account the time it took to cache and pick a message anymore.
- Improved caching quality.

### Echo
- Added (Delete After) argument, which deletes the messages after (Delete After) seconds.

## Utility
### Embed Fixer
- Fixed a mysterious bug which caused errors because the message... Was not a message?

### First_Message
- Fixed the command not working.


# Miscellaneous Changes
- Updated how Unknown Context messages are presented again.
- Removed an accidentally left in debug print.

## Addressed GitHub Issues
This version of Kosaka has resolved the following issues:
- [Some commands are executable where they shouldn't be (User App issue) #8](https://github.com/Ascellayn/TSN_Kosaka-Issues/issues/8)
- [Debug print from Get_Power_Levels() is still present #6](https://github.com/Ascellayn/TSN_Kosaka-Issues/issues/6)
- [Archive viewer is broken due to function update #5](https://github.com/Ascellayn/TSN_Kosaka-Issues/issues/5)
- [/random_message only pulls out messages that contain attachments #4](https://github.com/Ascellayn/TSN_Kosaka-Issues/issues/4)