# "Road to Production-Ready" Update
Oh look, now we finally have changelogs! How fancy.  
Ascellayn here, thank you for being willing to try out or use Kosaka! While this pile o' junk is very much early into development, which results in a lot of those pesky unknown context errors, I'm really glad of how much Kosaka has improved over time.  
This update's goal is simple, iron out things as now the bot can be invited into any server!

# Core Modules
## Permissions
- Some commands may now check if you are the Server Owner.
- Added new commands:
	- `/permissions privilege_escalation` allows the Server Owner to gain Kernel-Level permissions without needing manual intervention from a TSN Administrator to grant you those.

## Non-Essential
### Changelog
- Kosaka now checks on startup if it has updated and will print out the changelog of the bot inside `Kosaka_Changelog` channels.
- Added command `/changelog`, which prints the current Kosaka's Version Changelog, this command is available everywhere and for everyone.
### Help
- Updated the Manual to reflect the new changes.


# Extended Modules
## Archiver
### Common Functions
- Updated the Archive Loader to correctly support the newMember System Event.

### Loggers
- Patched bug that caused the entire Archival System to be broken due to a bad previous patch that attempted to fix an error caused by embeds.
- Now logging the new member messages.
- Fixed a potential bug regarding reply IDs.
- Correctly now use the time a command has actually been ran instead of the time the command was logged when archiving interaction events.
- Automod Actions are now entirely ignored (pointless and either way I cannot get anyways what the automod action was, or I'm stupid).

### Manager
- Now displaying New Members Events.

## Channel Mods
- Can now set a channel as `Kosaka_Changelog`, which will send notifications about Kosaka Updates or other general updates.
- Moved Common Functions to the Global Functions File.
- Deleted the Common Functions File as all the functions have moved to the Global Functions File.

## Media Only
- fixed a bug which would cause additional errors when an Unknown Context error occurs.

## Utility
### Embed Fixer
- System Messages are now entirely ignored by the Embed Fixer.
- No longer spamming the archive with edited message if the message does not contain fixable embeds.
- fixed a bug which would cause additional errors when an Unknown Context error occurs.

# Miscellaneous Changes
- "Local" Slash Commands are no longer synchronized if a Guild is not specified in Kosaka's Configuration File.
- Updated how Unknown Context messages are presented.
- Fixed the "MessageType.new_member" Unknown Context.

## Addressed GitHub Issues
This version of Kosaka has resolved the following issues:
- [Unknown Context: MessageType.new_member *#3*](https://github.com/Ascellayn/TSN_Kosaka-Issues/issues/3)
- [Unknown Context: auto_moderation_action *#2*](https://github.com/Ascellayn/TSN_Kosaka-Issues/issues/2)